Port Registrar

For wireless communication there are many port to communicate on,
this document, and the associated pReg program are for managing their use.

There are two ports with permanent registration, and the rest of the ports
are divided into two regions, managed and unmanaged.

Port 1 is exclusively for communicating with pReg, for port registration.
Port 2 is exclusively for program startup communications, and has rules for its
  use. This port is not for extended use, it should be used exclusively for
  communicating to external machines the correct port to continue
  communications on. To prevent errors all programs should use a unique name
  for the first packet to communicate the intended recipients, then a port to
  switch to, after exclusive communications are established all participants
  should stop using this port.
Ports 3-9999 are the unmanaged region, these ports may be used for any purpose,
  and are unrestricted.
Ports 10000-65535 are the managed region, to use these your program must
  request a port from pReg, and a random port from this range will be given to
  your program exclusively.

Using pReg:
  Simply broadcast a message on port one to communicate with pReg, the first
  packet will be the request, and others context dependant. pReg will always
  acknowledge successfull communication with "pReg" as the first packet,
  followed by a response.

  Requests:

  request, "purpose": port
    Request a port, the second message should be the intended purpose.
    Example: ("request", "Warehouse 1")
    On a success, pReg will return the registered port number.
    On a failure, pReg will return "NAK" and a reason in the second packet.
  
  free, "port": ack
    Request a port number be cleared from the registry.
    pReg will return "ACK" on success, and "NAK" on failure, with a reason
      in the second packet.

  whois,"name/port": port/name
    Check the registry for an entry. If sent a number pReg will search for
      that port and return the registered purpose. If sent a string pReg will
      search the register for a port registered with that purpose, and return
      the port number on success. pReg will return a "No entry found" on failure in
      either case.